Lica GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE

Version 1, 15 Jan 2016

Copyright © 2014-2016 by Andy Leak

Nobody but the owner is permitted to copy or distribute verbatim copies or
excerpts of this license document.  Changing the text is not allowed.

Preamble

This software is owned by Andy Leak, and is not free to share, distribute or
use for any commercial or non-commercial purpose other than specified in this
license.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

0. Definitions.

“This License” refers to version 1 of the Lica General Public License.

“Copyright” also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of works,
such as semiconductor masks.

“The Program” refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this License.
Each licensee is addressed as “you”. “Licensees” and “recipients” may be
individuals or organizations.

To “modify” a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work in a
fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an exact copy.
The resulting work is called a “modified version” of the earlier work or a work
“based on” the earlier work.

A “covered work” means either the unmodified Program or a work based on the
Program.

To “propagate” a work means to do anything with it that, without permission,
would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement under applicable
copyright law, except executing it on a computer or modifying a private copy.
Propagation includes copying, distribution (with or without modification),
making available to the public, and in some countries other activities as well.

To “convey” a work means any kind of propagation that enables other parties to
make or receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through a computer
network, with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.

An interactive user interface displays “Appropriate Legal Notices” to the
extent that it includes a convenient and prominently visible feature that (1)
displays an appropriate copyright notice, and (2) tells the user that there is
no warranty for the work (except to the extent that warranties are provided),
that licensees may convey the work under this License, and how to view a copy
of this License. If the interface presents a list of user commands or options,
such as a menu, a prominent item in the list meets this criterion.

1. Source Code.

The “source code” for a work means the preferred form of the work for making
modifications to it. “Object code” means any non-source form of a work.

A “Standard Interface” means an interface that either is an official standard
defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of interfaces specified
for a particular programming language, one that is widely used among developers
working in that language.

The “System Libraries” of an executable work include anything, other than the
work as a whole, that (a) is included in the normal form of packaging a Major
Component, but which is not part of that Major Component, and (b) serves only
to enable use of the work with that Major Component, or to implement a Standard
Interface for which an implementation is available to the public in source code
form. A “Major Component”, in this context, means a major essential component
(kernel, window system, and so on) of the specific operating system (if any) on
which the executable work runs, or a compiler used to produce the work, or an
object code interpreter used to run it.

The “Corresponding Source” for a work in object code form means all the source
code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable work) run the object
code and to modify the work, including scripts to control those activities.
However, it does not include the work's System Libraries, or general-purpose
tools or generally available free programs which are used unmodified in
performing those activities but which are not part of the work. For example,
Corresponding Source includes interface definition files associated with source
files for the work, and the source code for shared libraries and dynamically
linked subprograms that the work is specifically designed to require, such as
by intimate data communication or control flow between those subprograms and
other parts of the work.

The Corresponding Source need not include anything that users can regenerate
automatically from other parts of the Corresponding Source.

The Corresponding Source for a work in source code form is that same work.

2. Basic Permissions.

All rights granted under this License are granted for the term of copyright on
the Program, and are irrevocable provided the stated conditions are met. This
License explicitly denies unlimited permission to run the unmodified Program.
This License denies rights of fair use or other equivalent, as provided by
copyright law.

You may not make, run and propagate covered works that you do not convey, without
conditions so long as your license otherwise remains in force. You may not convey
covered works to others for any purpose including having them make modifications
exclusively for you, or provide you with facilities for running those works.

Conveying under any other circumstances is not permitted solely under the
conditions stated below. Sublicensing is not allowed.

3. BAMRU Operation and Modification

BAMRU Members and their associates may operate the software for the benefit of
BAMRU and/or teams associated with San Mateo County Sheriff's office only.
Publication of the source code on the public internet is prohibited.  For
development purposes, BAMRU developers may clone a single copy of the source
code onto one development machine, which must be removed upon request.  The
public forking or copying is permitted.  Software contributions are covered
under a separate License, the Lica Contributor's License Agreement.

4. Conveying Verbatim Copies.

You may not convey verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive
it, other than provided in Section 3.

You may not charge any price or give away any copy that you convey, and you may
not offer support or warranty protection for a fee.

5. Conveying Modified Source Versions.

You may not convey a work based on the Program, or the modifications to produce
it from the Program.

6. Conveying Non-Source Forms.

You may not convey a covered work in object code form.


8. Termination.

You may not propagate or modify a covered work except as expressly provided
under this License. Any attempt otherwise to propagate or modify it is void,
and will automatically terminate your rights under this License (including any
patent licenses granted under the third paragraph of section 11).

However, if you cease all violation of this License, then your license from a
particular copyright holder is reinstated (a) provisionally, unless and until
the copyright holder explicitly and finally terminates your license, and (b)
permanently, if the copyright holder fails to notify you of the violation by
some reasonable means prior to 60 days after the cessation.

Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated
permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the violation by some
reasonable means, this is the first time you have received notice of violation
of this License (for any work) from that copyright holder, and you cure the
violation prior to 30 days after your receipt of the notice.

Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the licenses
of parties who have received copies or rights from you under this License. If
your rights have been terminated and not permanently reinstated, you do not
qualify to receive new licenses for the same material under section 10.

9. Copies Prohibited.

You are prohibited from maintain copies of the source code, other than provided
in Section 3.

10. No Licensing of Downstream Recipients.

You may not convey the software to downstream recipients, and have no rights to
sublicense the software.

You may not create derivative works from the software, or use portions of the
code in other projects.

11. Revised Versions of this License.

We may publish revised and/or new versions of the Lica General Public License
from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present
version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program specifies
that a certain numbered version of the Lica General Public License “or any
later version” applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that numbered version or of any later version published by
us. If the Program does not specify a version number of the Lica General Public
License, you may choose any version ever published by the us.

If the Program specifies that a proxy can decide which future versions of the
Lica General Public License can be used, that proxy's public statement of
acceptance of a version permanently authorizes you to choose that version for
the Program.

Later license versions may give you additional or different permissions.
However, no additional obligations are imposed on any author or copyright
holder as a result of your choosing to follow a later version.

12. Disclaimer of Warranty.

THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER
PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE
DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR
CORRECTION.

13. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY
COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS
PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED
INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE
PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

